📝 Add documentation for media server (#42)
ajnart/homarr-docs: docs/integrations/index.md

  - [Radarr](#radarr) (movies)
  - [Lidarr](#lidarr) (music)
  - [Readarr](#readarr) (books)

> - [Media Servers](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Media Servers](#media-servers)
	- [Jellyfin](#jellyfin)
	- [Plex](#plex)
```

---

## Media Servers

> Homarr can integrate with your media servers for better control over what's going on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homarr can integrate with your media servers, which allows you to control it from your dashboard.
```

> 
> :::tip
> 
> Note, that we recommend you to create seperate accounts for better security.
> Only grant access to the libraries, that must be accessed by Homarr, and remove unnessesary permissions.
> 
> Since all media servers do not expose the same information, Homarr might be unable to display certain information for servers.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Moving this down a bit.

> 
> You may add multiple media servers, also of different kinds, to your dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may add multiple media servers, also of different kinds, to your dashboard.

:::tip

We recommend creating a seperate account just for Homarr. Only grant access to the libraries and permissions that you require to be accessed by Homarr. This allows for better security.

:::

```
